Update GitHub Skills format for accessibility (#408)
skills/introduction-to-github: .github/steps/2-commit-a-file.md

### :keyboard: Activity: Your first commit

The following steps will guide you through the process of committing a change on GitHub. A commit records changes in renaming, changing content within, creating a new file, and any other changes made to your project. For this exercise, committing a change requires first adding a new file to your new branch.

1. On the **< > Code** tab in the header menu of your repository, make sure you're on your new branch `my-first-branch`.

2. Select the **Add file** drop-down and click **Create new file**.

   ![create new file option](/images/create-new-file.png)

3. In the **Name your file...** field, enter `PROFILE.md`.

   **Note:** `.md` is a file extension that creates a Markdown file. You can learn more about Markdown by visiting "[Basic writing and formatting syntax](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax)" in our docs or by taking the "[Communicating using Markdown](https://github.com/skills/communicate-using-markdown)" Skills course.

> 4. In the **Edit new file** area, copy the following content to your file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the **Enter file contents here** area, copy the following content to your file:
```
Do we want to go ahead and update the wording for these, too?

Author: I'll go ahead and add this change, feel free to directly commit any other copy updates needed.

   ```
   Welcome to my GitHub profile!
   ```

   <img alt="profile.md file screenshot" src="/images/my-profile-file.png"/>

> 5. For commits, you can enter a short commit message that describes what changes you made. This message helps others know what's included in your commit. GitHub offers a simple default message, but let's change it slightly for practice. First, enter `Add PROFILE.md` in the first text-entry field below **Commit new file** at the bottom of the page. Then, if you want to confirm what your screen should look like, expand the dropdown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Click **Commit changes...** in the upper right corner above the contents box. For commits, you can enter a short commit message that describes what changes you made. This message helps others know what's included in your commit. GitHub offers a simple default message, but let's change it slightly for practice. First, enter `Add PROFILE.md` in the first text-entry field titled "Commit message". 
```
Walking through the course and noticed some of the interface had changed. I'm updating the wording and will update the screenshots, too.

   <img alt="screenshot of adding a new file with a commit message" src="/images/commit-full-screen.png" />

> 6. In this lesson, we'll ignore the other fields and click **Commit new file**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. In this lesson, we'll ignore the other fields and click **Commit changes**.
```
Updateding to new interface
